Find the names of all the instructors from the “Finance” department (sort by instructor name in ascending order).

Find the names of courses in the “Biology” department which 3 or more credits (sort by course title in ascending order).

Find the names of students who are from the “Computer Science” department who have taken more than 50 credits  (sort by name in the ascending order) .

Find the names of all instructors who have taught courses during the 2010 “Summer” semester (sort by name in the ascending order).

Find the total amount that needs to be paid for the instructors in the “Comp. Sci.” Department.

Find the number of instructors in “Finance” department.

Find the name of the student who has taken the highest number of total credits.

For the student with ID “45678”, show all course_id, title, year, and semester of all courses registered for by the student  (sort by course_id).

Find the names of students who are supervised by instructor “Einstein” (sort by student name in the ascending order). 

Find the name of the course that is designated as a prerequisite by most number of courses (sort by course title in the ascending order).

Find the names of all students who have taken any Comp. Sci. course ever (there should be no duplicate names and they should be sorted by student name in the ascending order). 

Display the IDs of all instructors who have never taught a course (sort by instructor ID in ascending order).

As in Q12, but display the names of the instructors also, not just the IDs (sort by instructor name in ascending order).

How many “A” grades have been given for the course “Intro. to Computer Science”

Find the course names, year, semester, and grades obtained by the student “Shankar” (sort by course title in the ascending order).

List the names of all CS hundred level courses (Course codes that starts as CS-1). Sort by course title in descending order. 

Find the names of departments who have instructors that get annual salaries between 60,000 to 80,000 (sort by dept_name in ascending order and there should be no duplicates). 

List the names of instructors in ascending order with their respective salaries.

Find the names and average salaries of all departments whose average salary is greater than 40,000 (sort by dept_name in the ascending order).

Find names of instructors with salary greater than that of some (at least one) instructor in the “Biology” department (sort by instructor name in ascending order).
